# Arduino-Joystick-Weather-Clock
This clock has 21 screens selected using a joystick. Everything from weather forecast to moon phase on OLED screen. The project requires an Arduino Mega, a real time clock (DS1307), a pressure sensor (BMP180), an active buzzer, an SD Card (optional) and a joystick with switch. Data is shown on 22 screens, selected using the joystick and an Anlo Clock, Digital Clock, Alarm and Timer are included.

The main code contains connection details for the various sensors. There is a RTC setting sketch and some simple instructions in a sketch. The full project is shown on my blog at  https://rydepier.wordpress.com/2015/07/30/joystick-weather-clock-using-oled-display/ . The moon phase calculator will work for any date after 1972, but in this sketch it is used to calculate the date of the last full moon, then display a simple graphic and description for the moon phase today. The Calendar displays the current date and a one month calendar in standard format.

Pressure and temperature are plotted over a 24 hour period with 3 days worth of data stored and each 24 hour period can be displayed. Data is saved to an SD Card (optional). If an SD Card is used the three days data is saved as a backup that is loaded when the Arduino is powered up. The buzzer is used to show the presence of an SD Card and the backup data being loaded.

The SD Card can be removed to read the data, but when the card is removed it becomes un-mounted and will not remount when it is replaced. Press the Arduino Reset when the card is returned, this will remount the card and up;oad the stored data. If this is not done the data will not be written to the data files.
